# Collection of Common Errors

***

<table><thead><tr><th width="166">Error</th><th>Error Description</th><th>Explanation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Aborted during user</td><td>Instrument command aborted during error recovery</td><td>Error recovery dialogs present recovery options for each command. If the error condition is not solved during the error recovery process, the command execution is aborted.</td></tr><tr><td>Aborted</td><td>Instrument command aborted</td><td>The instrument received an abort command and all outstanding commands were aborted. It is not possible to resume from this condition because commands are terminated immediately by the instrument without regard to the final state of the system.</td></tr><tr><td>Aspiration volume exceeds capacity of tip</td><td></td><td>Incorrect parameter curve or attempting to aspirate more fluid than will fit in the tip.<br><br>The combination of the current volume and the desired delta volume is greater than the largest data point represented in the correction curve for the selected liquid class.</td></tr><tr><td>Busy</td><td>Instrument busy</td><td>The instrument cannot accept commands that use resources common to an active command. This error indicates that the instrument is currently processing one command and a conflicting command has been received.</td></tr><tr><td>C0 module error</td><td></td><td>Master module (incl. X0 and X1) has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>C0 module in download mode</td><td></td><td>Master module (incl. X0 and X1) is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>CG module error</td><td></td><td>Gel card gripper module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>CG module in download mode</td><td></td><td>Gel card gripper module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>CG module justage error</td><td></td><td>Gel card gripper module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>CH module error</td><td></td><td>Punch card gripper module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>CH module in download mode</td><td></td><td>Punch card gripper module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>CH module justage error</td><td></td><td>Punch card gripper module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>CO-RE 384 Head Wash liquid class error</td><td></td><td>The liquid class for CO-RE 384 Head Washer is either missing or not unique.<br><br>Check that the liquid class is defined once only for the needed tip type. The liquid device must be set as '384 CORE head wash station'.<br><br><em>Parameters to be defined for a CO-RE 384 Head Washer liquid class:</em><br></td></tr><tr><td>CO-RE 384 Head pick up mode error</td><td></td><td>Invalid channel selection for CO-RE 384 Head pick up mode.<br><br><br><br>The reduced channel mode needs at minimum one active channel on the first row / column (dependent of used mode).</td></tr><tr><td>CO-RE 384 Head sequence error</td><td></td><td>Invalid sequence for CO-RE 384 Head.<br><br>Check number of sequence positions and sequence sorting (use correct stamp tool during sequence sort). CO-RE 384 Head steps needs a sequence with 384 (or a multiple of 384) positions in a grid of 4.5 x 4.5 mm. If reduced pattern mode is used, 96 (or a multiple of 96) positions in a grid of 9 x 9 mm are required.</td></tr><tr><td>CO-RE 96 Head sequence error</td><td></td><td>Depending on head pattern mode, the sequence must contain a minimum of positions with a correct defined sorting. For more details see CO-RE 96 Head Channel Settings dialog. Check number of sequence positions and sequence sorting (use correct stamp tool during sequence sort).</td></tr><tr><td>CO-RE 96 Head wash liquid class</td><td></td><td>The liquid class for CO-RE 96 Head Washer is either missing or not unique.<br><br>Check that the liquid class is defined once only for the needed tip type. The liquid device must be set as '96 CORE head wash station'.<br><br><em>Parameters to be defined for a CO-RE 96 Head Washer liquid class:</em><br></td></tr><tr><td>CP module error</td><td></td><td>Puncher module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>CP module in download mode</td><td></td><td>Puncher module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>CP module justage error</td><td></td><td>Puncher module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>CR - Washer not installed</td><td></td><td>Start needle wash is activated in step dispense and no CR - Wash station is installed or not switched on.<br><br>Be sure the needed washer is installed and switched on.<br><br>If no washer is available, edit the dependent dispense step and set another eject mode.</td></tr><tr><td>Canceled</td><td>Command cancelled</td><td>Error recovery dialogs present recovery options for each command. If the operator selects the Cancel button in the error dialog, open the cover during a run or unload a carrier manually, the command ends and the user defined error handling in the method will be used. The run is aborted if no error handling is defined.</td></tr><tr><td>Cannot open barcode file</td><td>Open barcode file failed</td><td>Barcode tracing is enabled in the instrument configuration file, but the barcode data file cannot be opened.</td></tr><tr><td>Cannot send</td><td>Command transmit error</td><td>An error occurred while trying to transmit a command to the instrument.</td></tr><tr><td>Carrier already exist</td><td></td><td>Cannot load the carrier the deck position since it is already in use.</td></tr><tr><td>Carrier not unique error</td><td></td><td>The decklayout contains more than one carrier on same loading tray position. Either no autoload is installed to identify the carriers by barcode or at least two carriers contains the same barcode mask or the system is set to not read carrier barcodes.</td></tr><tr><td>Component not initialized</td><td></td><td>This component must first be initialized using the InitFromCfgFil method before any other methods on the interface can be called.</td></tr><tr><td>Component not initialized</td><td></td><td>This component must first be initialized using the InitFromCfgFil method before any other methods on the interface can be called.</td></tr><tr><td>Configuration file invalid</td><td></td><td>An invalid configuration file name was supplied to this component during initialization. Either the configuration file name or the path to the configuration file directory may be invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>Configuration file invalid</td><td></td><td>An invalid configuration file name was supplied to this component during initialization. Either the configuration file name or the path to the configuration file directory may be invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>Configuration file version not supported</td><td></td><td>The version number of the configuration file indicates that it is incompatible with this component.</td></tr><tr><td>Configuration file version not supported</td><td></td><td>The version number of the configuration file indicates that it is newer than this component.</td></tr><tr><td>Connection Problem Dialog</td><td></td><td>Connection Problem: There is no connection to the instrument. Please check the cables and plugs.<br><br><strong>Retry:</strong> Retry again to connect the instrument.<br><br><strong>Abort:</strong> The initialization process of the instrument will be aborted.</td></tr><tr><td>Container not defined</td><td></td><td>The labware definition does not include containers.</td></tr><tr><td>D0 module error</td><td></td><td>C0-RE 384 Head module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>D0 module in download mode</td><td></td><td>C0-RE 384 Head module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>D0 module justage error</td><td></td><td>C0-RE 384 Head module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>Default Error Handling</td><td></td><td>Dialog: Default Error Handling<br><br><br><br><strong>Flag error (Sample Tracker Database):</strong> If checked, an error recovery will be tracked on sample tracker database. The <strong>Action State Tracked</strong> depends on the executed recovery.&#x3C;br>If not activated, the action state is always set to 'No Error'.<br><br><br><br>### Error Recovery vs. Action State Tracked<br><br></td></tr><tr><td>Dialog to define error handling</td><td></td><td><br>## Error Handling dialog<br><br>This dialog lists the errors that can occur during an instrument step and allows use of predefined default error handling or to configure a custom error recovery.<br><br><br><br><strong>Error List:</strong><br><br>This table lists all errors of the step.<br><br><br><br><strong>Error</strong><br><br>The name of the error.<br><br><br><br><strong>🞎 Use default</strong><br><br>If checked the predefined default error handling will be used. If unchecked a custom error recovery can be configured.<br><br><br><br><strong>Description</strong><br><br>Shows a short description of the error.<br><br><br><br><strong>Error Recovery Settings:</strong><br><br>The error recovery settings show the predefined error handling if <em>Use default</em> is checked; if not checked it allows to configure custom error recovery.<br><br><br><br><strong>Timeout</strong><br><br><strong>Infinite</strong><br><br>If checked, an infinite timeout is used.&#x3C;br>The step error recovery dialog is not closed automatically, user input is required in any case.<br><br><br><br><strong>Custom</strong><br><br>Time in seconds to wait for user input before the automatic error handling will be started.&#x3C;br>If timeout is set to 0 (zero) the error recovery will be started immediately (no step error dialog is shown).&#x3C;br>Only enabled if <em>Infinite Timeout</em> is not checked.<br><br><br><br><strong>Error Recovery List</strong><br><br>The table shows the error recovery options for the currently selected error in the <em>Error List</em>.<br><br><br><br><strong>Recovery</strong><br><br>The name of the recovery option.<br><br><br><br><strong>🞎 1st Recovery</strong>&#x3C;br>Indicates which error recovery will be executed after timeout has elapsed. Exactly one recovery must be checked as first recovery.&#x3C;br>Only enabled if <em>Infinite Timeout</em> is not checked.<br><br><br><br><strong>🞎 2nd Recovery</strong>&#x3C;br>After <em>First Recovery</em> is finished and the same error occurs again, the second recovery will be started after the timeout has elapsed.&#x3C;br>If a second recovery is defined, the count of <em>Repetitions for the first recovery</em> must be set at least to 1 (if set to 0, the system will implicit set the number of <em>Repetitions</em> to 1).&#x3C;br>Only enabled if <em>Infinite Timeout</em> is not checked.<br><br><br><br><strong>🞎 Visible</strong>&#x3C;br>If checked, the corresponding button is enabled within step error dialog.<br><br><br><br><strong>🞎 Flag Error (Sample Tracker Database)</strong>&#x3C;br>If checked, an error recovery will be tracked on sample tracker database. If not checked, the action state is always set to 'No Error'.<br><br><br><br><strong>Description</strong><br><br>Shows a short description of the error recovery option.<br><br><br><br><strong>Repetitions for the 1st Recovery</strong>&#x3C;br>Defines the number of repetitions of <em>First Recovery</em> before the <em>Second Recovery</em> will be started.&#x3C;br>Only enabled if <em>Infinite Timeout</em> is not checked.<br><br><br><br>Note:&#x3C;br>If Repetitions is set to 0 (zero) and no Second Recovery is defined, the First Recovery will be used as many times as necessary. This may lead - depending of set recovery and persistence of error - to an endless loop. It is recommended to use a proper timeout to enable user interaction.<br><br><br><br><strong>🞎 Show infinite dialog</strong><br><br>If <em>Show infinite dialog</em> is set as second recovery, the step error dialog is visible with infinite timeout and user interaction becomes necessary.&#x3C;br>Only enabled if <em>Infinite Timeout</em> is not checked.<br><br><br><br><strong>Notification Sound</strong>&#x3C;br>File name with path (.wav) to sound which will be played in case of an error. If not set, the error sound as defined for the operating system will be played.&#x3C;br>A sound will only be played if the step error dialog is visible.<br><br></td></tr><tr><td>Different tip type</td><td></td><td><br>The used tip type does not match to the used liquid class.</td></tr><tr><td>Dispense before Aspirate : Not aspirated before dispensing</td><td></td><td><br>No liquid or not enough liquid available in tip.</td></tr><tr><td>Dispense on the Fly sequence error</td><td></td><td><br>Depending the used mode different checks will be made to validate the sequence used.<br><br><br><br><strong>On 'Dispense on the fly mode' (0) Complete plate:</strong><br><br></td></tr><tr><td>Dispense volume exceeds available volume</td><td></td><td><br>Incorrect parameter curve or attempt to dispense more fluid than previously aspirated.<br><br><br><br>The combination of the current volume and the desired delta volume is less than the smallest data point represented in the correction curve for the selected liquid class.</td></tr><tr><td>Empty barcode file name</td><td></td><td><br>Barcode tracing is enabled in the instrument configuration file, but the barcode file name is empty.</td></tr><tr><td>Error Flag Enumeration</td><td></td><td><br>### Error Flag Enumeration<br><br></td></tr><tr><td>Expected integer value : Not integer value</td><td></td><td><br>This value must be an integer value.</td></tr><tr><td>Expected string value</td><td></td><td><br>This value must be an string value.</td></tr><tr><td>Extension not installed: Instrument extension not installed</td><td></td><td><br>A command was send to the instrument for an extension which is currently not installed. Do not use this step within method or install the needed extension to solve the problem.</td></tr><tr><td>Fatal Error</td><td></td><td><br>On this error it is unable to continue with a run.<br><br><br><br>This error occurs if an component not installed successfully, the Instrument sends an invalid response string or the software cannot initialize the instrument at startup.<br><br><br><br><br><br>Check the system for not installed or not switched on components.</td></tr><tr><td>Floating point value expected</td><td></td><td><br>This value must be an integer or floating point.</td></tr><tr><td>H0 module error</td><td></td><td><br>C0-RE 96 Head module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>H0 module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>C0-RE 96 Head module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>H0 module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>C0-RE 96 Head module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>HG module error</td><td></td><td><br>Tube gripper module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>HG module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>Tube gripper module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>HG module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>Tube gripper module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>HU module error</td><td></td><td><br>Pump station 2 module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>HU module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>Pump station 2 module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>HU module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>Pump station 2 module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>HV module error</td><td></td><td><br>Pump station 3 module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>HV module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>Pump station 3 module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>HV module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>Pump station 3 module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>HW module error</td><td></td><td><br>Pump station 1 module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>HW module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>Pump station 1 module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>HW module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>Pump station 1 module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>HxHsIRunControl2</td><td></td><td><p><br>## Error Body:<br><br></p><pre data-overflow="wrap"><code>
</code></pre></td></tr><tr><td><br><br>***<br><br>## Cause:<br><br>If all positions in a Sequence have been processed and you try to pipette to the same sequence then an error occurs and your Method is aborted.<br><br>## Solution:<br><br>To avoid this error or to start over from the beginning of a sequence: Use the Sequence: Set Current Position step<br><br></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>I0 module error</td><td></td><td><br>Autoload module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>I0 module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>Autoload module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>IC module error</td><td></td><td><br>Camera channel module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>IC module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>Camera channel module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>IC module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>Camera channel module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>Identify error dialog</td><td></td><td><br>## Dialog: Load Carrier - Identify error<br><br>Error occurs during a Load Carrier step.<br><br><br><br>The following recovery action can be performed with this step:<br><br><br><br></td></tr><tr><td>Incorrect LLD mode</td><td></td><td><br>The given Aspirate- respectively Dispense-Position mode is not valid (e.g. cLLD used with non conductive tips or cLLD combined with touch off mode).</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument disconnected</td><td></td><td><br>The communication path to the instrument is no longer valid.</td></tr><tr><td>Interface not found</td><td></td><td><br>The specified interface is either not installed or not supported.<br><br><br><br>A COM object passed by reference does not support a required interface.</td></tr><tr><td>Invalid TADM data</td><td></td><td><br>A aspirate or dispense step was called with invalid TADM data.</td></tr><tr><td>Invalid argument</td><td></td><td><br>An invalid argument was passed to a method implemented by this component. The invalid argument can be:<br><br>* An invalid empty string<br>* An invalid NULL pointer<br>* An invalid type of the configuration file<br>* A parameter out of range<br><br>An invalid argument was passed to a method implemented by Microlab® STAR.</td></tr><tr><td>Invalid dispense mode</td><td></td><td><br>The used dispense mode is invalid for used liquid class.</td></tr><tr><td>Invalid format of barcode string</td><td></td><td><br>A load carrier step was called with an invalid format of barcode position string.<br><br><br><br>Reasons:<br><br>* Wrong format of string<br>* Position as defined in string does not exist in labware<br><br><br><br>Definition of barcode position string see Load Carrier advanced dialog.</td></tr><tr><td>Invalid format of labware property</td><td></td><td><br>### Property 'MlStarReadBarcodeOnPositions'<br><br>Make sure that the definition of labware property MlStarReadBarcodeOnPositions is correct.<br><br><br><br>Reasons for such an error:<br><br>* The position on the left side of the assignment is not between 1 and MlStarCarCountOfBCPos as defined in the labware properties of the used labware<br>* The position on the right side of the assignment is not defined on the template<br>* The position on the right side of the point operator is not defined as a labware position<br>* The position(s) on the right side of the assignment is/are not defined in current used deck layout<br><br><br><br><em>Example for valid formats:</em><br><br>* "1=1;3=7;5=11;" (valid format for a labware which is specified with numerical indexes)<br>* "1=A3;3=A4;5=A8;" (valid format for a labware which is specified with alpha-numerical indexes)<br>* "1=1;5=2.1;5=2.2;10=3;"<br>* "2=1.C3;5=2.1;6=3;"</td></tr><tr><td>Invalid labware definition</td><td></td><td><br>The used labware or one of the needed property is missing or not correctly defined.<br><br>Make sure that correct properties are set with a correct value.<br><br><br><br>Definition of labware properties.</td></tr><tr><td>Invalid liquid curve</td><td></td><td><br>The liquid curve is not increasing uniformly.</td></tr><tr><td>Invalid pointer</td><td></td><td><br>A NULL pointer was passed to a method implemented by this component.<br><br>A NULL pointer was passed to a method implemented by Microlab® STAR.</td></tr><tr><td>Invalid sequence object</td><td></td><td><br>The sequence is not bound to a valid sequence object.</td></tr><tr><td>LX module error</td><td></td><td><br>One of the 5000 ul pipetting channels has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>LX module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>One of the 5000 ul pipetting channels is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>LX module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>One of the 5000 ul pipetting channels module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>Labware name not found</td><td></td><td><br>The specified labware was not found, check the method layout for the missing labware.</td></tr><tr><td>Liquid definition not found</td><td></td><td><br>Liquid definition not found for the given liquid class.</td></tr><tr><td>Maintenance or verification is needed</td><td></td><td><br>Make sure that the maintenance or verification is done correctly.</td></tr><tr><td>Master error</td><td></td><td><br>Master module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>Master in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>Master module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>Method not started</td><td></td><td><br>ML-Star steps cannot be used while the method is not started.<br><br><br><br>Press first button Start on run control before use any steps.</td></tr><tr><td>N0 module error</td><td></td><td><br>Nano pipettor module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>N0 module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>Nano pipettor module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>N0 module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>Nano pipettor module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>NP module error</td><td></td><td><br>Nano pipettor pressure unit module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>NP module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>Nano pipettor pressure unit module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>NP module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>Nano pipettor pressure unit module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>Nano Pipettor sequence error</td><td></td><td><br>Invalid sequence for Nano Pipettor.<br><br><br><br>Check number of sequence positions and/or sequence sort (use correct stamp tool during sequence sort).</td></tr><tr><td>Nano Pipettor volume error</td><td></td><td><br>The volume management for the Nano Pipettor system controls the volume capacity for aspiration and also the necessary volume for dispensation.<br><br><br><br>Limits for aspiration<br><br>* 4000 nl for Oil gap, <em>Note:</em> only first aspiration may be an aspiration of oil!<br>* 20000 nl maximum capacity inclusive oil gap volume</td></tr><tr><td>Negative value detected</td><td></td><td><br>Negative value found in given key.</td></tr><tr><td>No carrier for calibrate</td><td></td><td><br>No carrier or a wrong defined carrier found at the given position. Make sure the carrier is usable for the Carrier Calibrate step.</td></tr><tr><td>No connection: Instrument disconnected</td><td></td><td><br>The communication path to the instrument is no longer valid.</td></tr><tr><td>No free position found</td><td></td><td><br>No free position found for place the labware.<br><br><br><br>This error can occur during a transport of a labware and the flag <em>search free position</em> is enabled.<br><br>There are no recovery options to handle this error. Make sure the target sequence has free positions to place the labware.</td></tr><tr><td>No labware found</td><td></td><td><br>Cannot find a labware for transport.<br><br><br><br>Make sure the labware is available before calling the transport step.</td></tr><tr><td>No liquid seeking height: Invalid liquid seeking height</td><td></td><td><br>The target container does not have a valid liquid seeking height set. This height is required to complete the command (to be set via the 'labware' editor).</td></tr><tr><td>No probes found</td><td></td><td><br>There are no probes found in the current cup.</td></tr><tr><td>No solution for transport</td><td></td><td><br>Possible causes:<br><br>* System cannot get the labware in a mode which is required for place the labware.<br>* The labware on the source position does not correspond with the labware on the destination position.<br>* The iSWAP cannot reach the specified labware.<br><br><br><br>Recovery:<br><br>* Check labware type underlying the given source and target sequence.<br>* Check grip direction mode (iSWAP transport only)</td></tr><tr><td>No solution for transport with read barcode</td><td></td><td><br>System cannot transport the labware in inverse grip mode but this mode is required to read the barcode during transport step.<br><br><br><br>Cause:<br><br><em>Read plate barcode</em> is activated on a transport step and the <em>Grip direction</em> is set to <em>System</em>.<br><br>If the <em>Grip direction</em> is set to <em>System,</em> the iSWAP will approach a labware with inverse grip direction by default.<br><br><br><br>Make sure the labware can be accessed in inverse grip direction and the labware can be placed on destination position.<br><br><br><br>Note:<br><br>If the barcode is readable in normal grip direction the <em>Grip direction</em> must be changed from <em>System</em> to <em>Normal only.</em></td></tr><tr><td>Not enough tip reloaded</td><td></td><td><br>No tip or not enough tips found for pick up.<br><br><br><br>After reload of tips, the tip sequence consist either not enough sequence positions or the reduced sequence is sorted in a manner which doesn't fit for used pipetting device.</td></tr><tr><td>Not implemented</td><td></td><td><br>A method was called that is not valid in this version of the interface.</td></tr><tr><td>Not initialized</td><td></td><td><br>There was called a step before the instrument was initialized.</td></tr><tr><td>Not processed exception</td><td></td><td><br>An unexpected error condition was encountered by Microlab® STAR.</td></tr><tr><td>Not supported</td><td></td><td><br>A method was called which is not supported by Microlab® STAR.</td></tr><tr><td>OX module error</td><td></td><td><br>One of the tube capper channels has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>OX module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>One of the tube capper channels is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>OX module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>One of the tube capper channels module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>Pausing : Instrument command pausing</td><td></td><td><br>The instrument received a pause command and is waiting for all outstanding commands to be completed before switching to the pause status. Once paused, the method's processing may be resumed.</td></tr><tr><td>Probes do not fit in labware : Not enough probes</td><td></td><td><br>There are not enough positions remaining in the target sequence for the selected probes.<br><br><br><br>When a specific subset of tips is configured for use in a command, the instrument component attempts to use all of the selected tips. If the number of selected tips is greater than the number of positions remaining in the target sequence, this error is generated. This error will not occur if all tips are specified for use in a command (i.e. 'optimized channel' set to 'on'). In this case, the instrument uses the remaining number of tips for the command.<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/feature-tour/stunning-user-interface/"><em>Streamline Your Documentation Process with HelpNDoc's Intuitive Interface</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Puncher destination error</td><td></td><td><br>If you want make a punch into a well, be sure the plate (well) is correct positioned under the puncher.<br><br>It is necessary that the sequence position is on the same position between the positioning of the plate and punch action. otherwise the sample tracking is track a wrong well to the database.<br><br><br><br>If the puncher is move up or down to the plate surface be sure the same plate is used as stay under the puncher.</td></tr><tr><td>Px module error</td><td></td><td><br>One of the pipetting channels has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>Px module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>One of the pipetting channels is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>Px module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>One of the pipetting channels module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>R0 module error</td><td></td><td><br>Robotics (iSWAP) module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication</td></tr><tr><td>R0 module in download mode</td><td></td><td><br>Robotics (iSWAP) module is in download mode.</td></tr><tr><td>R0 module justage error</td><td></td><td><br>Robotics (iSWAP) module isn’t adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td>Semaphore timeout</td><td></td><td><br>An internal protection mechanism used to ensure proper operation of parallel execution paths has failed.</td></tr><tr><td>Step Initialize not called</td><td></td><td><br>Step Initialize must be called before any other steps can be used.</td></tr><tr><td>Tip exist</td><td></td><td><br>The channel which is used for a calibration cannot have a tip.</td></tr><tr><td>Title of this help project</td><td></td><td><br>## Table of contents<br><br>* Errors<br>* Main<br>* Component not initialized<br>* Configuration file invalid<br>* Configuration file version not supported<br>* Fatal Error<br>* Interface not found<br>* Invalid argument<br>* Invalid pointer<br>* Unhandled exception<br>* CG module error<br>* CG module in download mode<br>* CG module justage error<br>* CH module error<br>* CH module in download mode<br>* CH module justage error<br>* C0 module error<br>* C0 module in download mode<br>* CP module error<br>* CP module in download mode<br>* CP module justage error<br>* D0 module error<br>* D0 module in download mode<br>* D0 module justage error<br>* H0 module error<br>* H0 module in download mode<br>* H0 module justage error<br>* HG module error<br>* HG module in download mode<br>* HG module justage error<br>* HU module error<br>* HU module in download mode<br>* HU module justage error<br>* HV module error<br>* HV module in download mode<br>* HV module justage error<br>* HW module error<br>* HW module in download mode<br>* HW module justage error<br>* I0 module error<br>* I0 module in download mode<br>* I0 module justage error<br>* IC module error<br>* IC module in download mode<br>* IC module justage error<br>* LX module error<br>* LX module in download mode<br>* LX module justage error<br>* Master error<br>* Master in download mode<br>* N0 module error<br>* N0 module in download mode<br>* N0 module justage error<br>* Not implemented<br>* OX module error<br>* OX module in download mode<br>* OX module justage error<br>* NP module error<br>* NP module in download mode<br>* NP module justage error<br>* Px module error<br>* Px module in download mode<br>* Px module justage error<br>* R0 module error<br>* R0 module in download mode<br>* R0 module justage error<br>* Tx module error<br>* Tx module in download mode<br>* Tx module justage error<br>* Wx module error<br>* Wx module in download mode<br>* Wx module justage error<br>* Xx module error<br>* Xx module in download mode<br>* Error Handling Dialog<br>* Dialog to define error handling<br>* No_Connection<br>* Instrument disconnected<br>* Connection Problem Dialog<br>* Defaults<br>* Default Error Handling<br>* Liquid<br>* Aspiration volume exceeds capacity of tip<br>* Dispense volume exceeds available volume<br>* Liquid definition not found<br>* Step Calibrate Carrier<br>* No carrier for calibrate<br>* Tip exist<br>* Step Load Carrier<br>* Cannot open barcode file<br>* Carrier already exist<br>* Empty barcode file name<br>* Identify error dialog<br>* Invalid labware definition<br>* Invalid format of labware property<br>* Invalid format of barcode string<br>* Command<br>* Aborted<br>* Aborted during user<br>* Busy<br>* Canceled<br>* Cannot send<br>* Carrier not unique error<br>* Container not defined<br>* CO-RE 384 Head pick up mode<br>* CO-RE 384 Head sequence error<br>* CO-RE 384 Head Wash liquid class error<br>* CO-RE 96 Head pattern mode limitations<br>* CO-RE 96 Head sequence error<br>* CO-RE 96 Head wash liquid class<br>* CR - Washer not installed<br>* Different tip type<br>* Dispense on the Fly sequence error<br>* Incorrect LLD mode<br>* Expected string value<br>* Extension not installed<br>* Floating point value expected<br>* Invalid dispense mode<br>* Invalid liquid curve<br>* Invalid sequence object<br>* Invalid TADM data<br>* Labware name not found<br>* Maintenance or verification is needed<br>* Method not started<br>* Negative value detected<br>* Nano Pipettor sequence error<br>* Nano Pipettor volume error<br>* No connection<br>* No free position found<br>* No labware found<br>* No liquid seeking height<br>* No probes found<br>* No solution for transport<br>* No solution for transport with read barcode<br>* Not aspirated before dispensing<br>* Not enough probes<br>* Not enough tip reloaded<br>* Not integer value<br>* Not initialized<br>* Pausing<br>* Puncher destination error<br>* Semaphore<br>* Too many probes used<br>* Transport wrong labware<br>* Unexpected instrument error<br>* Wash Sequence Not Reloadable<br>* Wrong configuration file<br>* Wrong count of channels<br>* Wrong state<br>* Wrong tip type<br>* Wrong TADM mode<br>* Wrong type of pump unit<br>* General<br>* Component not initialized<br>* Configuration file invalid<br>* Configuration file version not supported<br>* Error Flag Enumeration<br>* Interface not found<br>* Invalid argument<br>* Invalid pointer<br>* Main Error Enumeration<br>* Not processed exception<br>* Not supported<br>* HSL Runtime Errors<br>* 0xa0220001: no memory<br>* 0xa1230002: inserting idetifier failed<br>* 0xa1230003: identifier not found<br>* 0xa2230004: l-value not a number<br>* 0xa2230005: r-value not a number<br>* 0xa1230006: not an identifier<br>* 0xa1220007: unrecognized token<br>* 0xa1230008: r-value not bound<br>* 0xa2230009: bad number<br>* 0xa123000a: bad tree<br>* 0xa123000b: invalid entry<br>* 0xa122000c: function identifier is protected<br>* 0xa223000d: underspecified<br>* 0xa2230037: overspecified<br>* 0xa123000e: setting value failed<br>* 0xa123000f: function identifier not found<br>* 0xa1230010: bindings not found<br>* 0xa1230011: temporary variable not found<br>* 0xa1230012: unknown function type<br>* 0xa2230013: unable to find file<br>* 0xa1230014: type mismatch<br>* 0xa2230015: bad l-value<br>* 0xa2230016: bad r-value<br>* 0xa2220017: unrecognized type<br>* 0xa1230018: bad memory type<br>* 0xa1230019: array reference out of bound<br>* 0xa123001a: bad array identifier type<br>* 0xa123001b: tag insert failed<br>* 0xa123001c: dynamic memory identifier not bound<br>* 0xa123001d: tag identifier not bound<br>* 0xa123001e: structure reference out of bound<br>* 0xa123001f: bad tag identifier type<br>* 0xa1230020: l-value is not a structure identifier<br>* 0xa1230021: l-value is not an array identifier<br>* 0xa1230022: failed to lookup tag identifier in tag table<br>* 0xa1230023: signal break<br>* 0xa1230024: copy out of bound<br>* 0xa1230025: signal return<br>* 0xa2230026: array size is not an integer<br>* 0xa1230027: failed to copy tag table<br>* 0xa1230029: function has not been defined<br>* 0xa123002a: unable to enter nesting level<br>* 0xa123002b: unable to exit nesting level<br>* 0xa122002c: no context<br>* 0xa123002d: failed to read file<br>* 0xa123002e: failed to create timer<br>* 0xa123002f: failed to set timer<br>* 0xa1230030: failed to wait timer<br>* 0xa1230031: failed to create event<br>* 0xa1230032: failed to set event<br>* 0xa1230033: failed to wait event<br>* 0xa1230034: bad argument<br>* 0xa2230035: syntax error<br>* 0xa2230036: integer divide by zero<br>* 0xa2230038: returning address of local variable or temporary<br>* 0xa223003a : unable to find file<br>* 0xa223003b : file not updatable<br>* 0xa223003c : recursive call<br>* 0xa223003d : failed to wait for thread(s)<br>* 0xa223003e : time-out interval elapsed<br>* 0xa2220044 : automation type not supported<br>* 0xa1230046 : bad argument parameter<br>* 0xa123004d : sequence property not found<br>* 0xa123004e : int64 not supported<br>* HSL Syntax Errors<br>* 1001 : syntax error<br>* 1002 : syntax error before<br>* 1101 : missing period<br>* 1102 : missing semicolon<br>* 1103 : missing assignment<br>* 1104 : missing opening parenthesis<br>* 1105 : missing closing parenthesis<br>* 1106 : missing opening brace<br>* 1107 : missing closing brace<br>* 1108 : missing opening bracket<br>* 1109 : missing closing bracket<br>* 1110 : missing comma or closing parenthesis<br>* 1111 : missing comma or semicolon<br>* 1112 : missing statement<br>* 1201 : bad variable declaration<br>* 1202 : bad argument list<br>* 1203 : bad function name<br>* 1204 : bad member function name<br>* 1205 : bad argument name<br>* 1206 : bad statement<br>* 1207 : bad structure name<br>* 1208 : bad variable name<br>* 1209 : bad subscript expression<br>* 1210 : bad member selection<br>* 1211 : bad argument statement<br>* 1212 : bad member declaration list<br>* 1213 : bad variable list<br>* 1214 : bad for expression<br>* 1215 : bad expression<br>* 1216 : bad file name<br>* 1217 : bad member declaration<br>* 1218 : bad block<br>* 1219 : bad number<br>* 1220 : bad program<br>* 1221 : bad array size<br>* 1222 . bad string expression<br>* 1223 : bad function reference<br>* 1224 : bad sequence expression<br>* 1225 : bad array expression<br>* 1226 : bad array type<br>* 1227 : bad constant<br>* 1228 : bad namespace name<br>* 1229 : bad object expression<br>* 1230 : bad timer expression<br>* 1231 : bad event expression<br>* 1302 : undeclared identifier<br>* 1303 : redefined identifier<br>* 1304 : redefined formal parameter<br>* 1305 : nested function definition<br>* 1306 : nested comments<br>* 1307 : unterminated character constant<br>* 1308 : unterminated string<br>* 1309 : no method<br>* 1310 : redefined method<br>* 1311 : unexpected end of file<br>* 1312 : include file not found<br>* 1313 : internal error<br>* 1314 : empty statement<br>* 1315 : too many arguments<br>* 1316 : not a member function<br>* 1317 : wrong member function<br>* 1318 : not a data member<br>* 1319 : l-value is not a structure identifier<br>* 1320 : l-value is not an array identifier<br>* 1321 : l-value is an array identifier<br>* 1322 : l-value is structure identifier<br>* 1323 : integer divide by zero<br>* 1324 : not an l-value<br>* 1325 : handler undefined<br>* 1326 : handler redefined<br>* 1327 : type mismatch<br>* 1328 : layout file not found<br>* 1329 : too few arguments<br>* 1330 : instrument not registered<br>* 1331 : instrument needs a deck layout<br>* 1332 : instrument needs no deck layout<br>* 1334 : skipped block initialization<br>* 1335 : parser token buffer overflow<br>* 1336 : name too long<br>* 1337 : type mismatch in formal parameter<br>* 1338 : type mismatch in return value<br>* 1339 : must return a value<br>* 1340 : redefined workflow<br>* 1341 : not schedulable<br>* 1342 : private object reference<br>* 1343 : private function reference<br>* 1344 : analyzing completed with error<br>* 1345 : lexer string buffer overflow<br>* 1346 : obsolete statement</td></tr><tr><td>Too many probes used</td><td></td><td><br>### Not enough sequence positions<br><br>The are not enough sequences for each activated channel.<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/feature-tour/markdown-import-export-using-helpndoc-help-authoring-tool/"><em>Effortlessly Edit and Export Markdown Documents</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Transport wrong labware</td><td></td><td><br>### Transport wrong labware<br><br>The labware of source and target is not of same type.<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com"><em>Free Web Help generator</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Txmoduleerror</td><td></td><td><br>## Tx module error<br><br>## Tx module error<br><br>Temperature module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/feature-tour/advanced-project-analyzer/"><em>Maximize Your Documentation Capabilities with HelpNDoc's Project Analyzer</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Txmoduleindownloadmode</td><td></td><td><br>## Tx module in download mode<br><br>## Tx module in download mode<br><br>One of the temperature module is in download mode.<br><br><br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/help-authoring-tool"><em>Full-featured multi-format Help generator</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Txmodulejustageerror</td><td></td><td><br>## Tx module justage error<br><br>## Tx module justage error<br><br>One of the temperature module isn’t adjusted.<br><br><br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpauthoringsoftware.com"><em>Benefits of a Help Authoring Tool</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Unexpected instrument error</td><td></td><td><br>### Instrument error<br><br>An unexpected instrument error was received, read the information of the error message box.<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/step-by-step-guides/how-to-convert-a-word-docx-file-to-an-epub-or-kindle-ebook/"><em>From Word to ePub or Kindle eBook: A Comprehensive Guide</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Unhandledexception</td><td></td><td><br>## Unhandled exception<br><br>## Unhandled exception<br><br>An unexpected error condition was encountered by this component.<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpauthoringsoftware.com"><em>Revolutionize Your Documentation Output with a Help Authoring Tool</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Wash Sequence Not Reloadable</td><td></td><td><br>### Wash sequence not reloadable<br><br>Needle for a wash station cannot be reloaded during a run.<br><br><br><br>This error occurs if the aspirate step uses a needle sequence which has not enough positions or the positions are counted wrong.<br><br><br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/step-by-step-guides/how-to-convert-a-word-docx-file-to-an-epub-or-kindle-ebook/"><em>Converting Word Documents to eBooks: A Step-by-Step Guide with HelpNDoc</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Wrong TADM mode</td><td></td><td><br>### Wrong TADM mode<br><br>TADM mode is set to recording. Operator decided to cancel the execution of run.<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpauthoringsoftware.com"><em>Maximize Your Documentation Capabilities with a Help Authoring Tool</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Wrong configuration file</td><td></td><td><br>### Instrument configuration error<br><br>The instrument configuration in the configuration file does not match the physical instrument’s configuration or deck definition.<br><br><br><br><strong>Depending of error, check following settings:</strong><br><br>* Wrong setting of front cover; expected 1, received 0.&#x3C;br> Cover locking is activated, cover on Instrument must be set to available.<br>* Default waste for channel is missing.&#x3C;br> The default waste for channel is not found on deck.&#x3C;br> &#x3C;br> Check 'Labware Data' for a channel tip waste labware which must have the following settings:<br><br></td></tr><tr><td>Wrong count of channels</td><td></td><td><br>### Wrong count of channels<br><br>Either the step contains less data then needed for used instrument (e.g. step contains only data for 8 channels but the instrument has 12 channels installed) or the used channel pattern is to short.<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/feature-tour/advanced-project-analyzer/"><em>Make Documentation Review a Breeze with HelpNDoc's Advanced Project Analyzer</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Wrong state</td><td></td><td><br>### Invalid command state<br><br>A method was called while the instrument was in an invalid state.<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/step-by-step-guides/how-to-convert-a-word-docx-file-to-an-epub-or-kindle-ebook/"><em>Effortlessly Convert Your Word Doc to an eBook: A Step-by-Step Guide</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Wrong tip type</td><td></td><td><br>### Wrong tip type<br><br>This tip does not fit for the given volume.<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/feature-tour/produce-html-websites/"><em>Make your documentation accessible on any device with HelpNDoc</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Wrong type of pump unit</td><td></td><td><br>### Wrong type of pump unit<br><br>The current step uses a different pump unit.<br><br><br><br>Make sure that the used pump unit is correctly configured and the used labware points to the used hardware node.<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/feature-tour/advanced-project-analyzer/"><em>Ensure High-Quality Documentation with HelpNDoc's Hyperlink and Library Item Reports</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Wxmoduleerror</td><td></td><td><br>## Wx module error<br><br>## WX module error<br><br>Washer module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/feature-tour/advanced-project-analyzer/"><em>HelpNDoc's Project Analyzer: Incredible documentation assistant</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Wxmoduleindownloadmode</td><td></td><td><br>## Wx module in download mode<br><br>## WX module in download mode<br><br>One of the washer module is in download mode.<br><br><br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/step-by-step-guides/how-to-convert-a-hlp-winhelp-help-file-to-a-chm-html-help-help-file/"><em>Leave the tedious WinHelp HLP to CHM conversion process behind with HelpNDoc</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Wxmodulejustageerror</td><td></td><td><br>## Wx module justage error<br><br>## WX module justage error<br><br>One of the washer module isn’t adjusted.<br><br><br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/feature-tour/stunning-user-interface/"><em>Streamline Your Documentation Process with HelpNDoc's Intuitive Interface</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Xxmoduleerror</td><td></td><td><br>## Xx module error<br><br>## X0 module error<br><br>X drive module has an error, reason for that can be:<br><br>* Error download F.EPROM<br>* Error flash EPROM checks<br>* Error RAM test<br>* Error EEPROM checksum<br>* Error EEPROM communication<br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com"><em>Easy Qt Help documentation editor</em></a></td></tr><tr><td>Xxmoduleindownloadmode</td><td></td><td><br>## Xx module in download mode<br><br>## X0 module in download mode<br><br>One of the X drive module is in download mode.<br><br><br><br>***<br><br><em>Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc:</em> <a href="https://www.helpndoc.com/news-and-articles/2022-09-27-why-use-a-help-authoring-tool-instead-of-microsoft-word-to-produce-high-quality-documentation/"><em>Effortlessly Create High-Quality Documentation with a Help Authoring Tool</em></a></td></tr></tbody></table>
